This directory contains the input files to perform the force calculations necessary for the phonon calculations. Calculations were performed using [QMCPACK](https://github.com/QMCPACK/qmcpack) 3.11.0 and [Quantum ESPRESSO](https://github.com/QEF/q-e) v6.4.1 on Blue Waters.

The inputs for both densities are very similar: for example, `scaled_positions`, which gives the fractional coordinates of the supercell, is identical between the two, as is everything in `displacements`, which give the random displacements. With working versions of QMCPACK and Quantum ESPRESSO the calculations can be run simply with `python input.py`, after modifying machine-specific settings like `pseudo_dir`, `machine`, and `job`.

As a matter of practicality, the inputs have `generate_only = 1`, meaning that running the input script generates all the QMCPACK and Quantum ESPRESSO input files but does not execute them. This allows flexibility in how exactly to handle the jobs (since there are indeed many calculations), but adds an additional complication which is that the QMCPACK input files do not know where the orbitals are (because they don't exist if the calculation is never performed) and also doesn't know exactly how many twists there are. Consequently, if using `generate_only = 1` these need to be written into the inputs manually, by fixing the fields `href` and `twistnum`. Nothing else about the inputs is modified thereafter.

These inputs are for performing VMC and DMC. To do reptation, I manually replace the `<qmc ...> ... </qmc>` block. The resulting inputs can be found in `rmc_inputs`, where the number on each filename corresponds to which random displacement was applied. Each one of these inputs will actually run (e.g. `qmcpack 0.in.xml`) assuming the file containing the orbitals is correctly specified in `href`. However, it will only run one particular twist; to do another twist the appropriate number must be specified in `twistnum`.
